Create solution-builder-extension-troubleshooting.md (#15)
Azure/AzureLocal-Supportability: TSG/SolutionExtension/Solution-builder-extension-overview.md

This troubleshooting guide will assist engineers with the basics of troubleshooting for SBE during bootstrap, deployment, and update.

# Introduction

> Starting with Azure Stack HCI 23H2, HCI introduced the Lifecycle Manager (LCM) to orchestrate deployment and updates of the full solution using a **solution update** composed of the following components to implement a recipe to consistently deploy and update the solution:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with version 23H2, Azure Local introduced the Lifecycle Manager (LCM) to orchestrate deployment and updates of the full solution using a **solution update** composed of the following components to implement a recipe to consistently deploy and update the solution:

```

* [Solution Builder Extension (SBE)](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure-stack/hci/update/solution-builder-extension) – A special type of solution extension provided by the server hardware vendor or system integrator (aka the Solution Builder) to provide updates for firmware, drivers, and other Hardware vendor specific tools.  See https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure-stack/hci/update/solution-builder-extension for details.
* Platform Updates – OS and Security Updates
* Services Updates – Agents and services updates including LCM component updates

For general details on how solution extensions fits in with the other components as part of solution updates, see [About Updates 23H2](
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure-stack/hci/update/about-updates-23h2#whats-in-the-update-package) for details.

## SBE Related Term Definitions

> * **Solution Extension** - A package consisting of 2 XML files (manifest and metadata) and a zip payload file. Used to provide constent way for partners to extend the HCI solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Solution Extension** - A package consisting of 2 XML files (manifest and metadata) and a zip payload file. Used to provide consistent way for partners to extend the Azure Local solution.

```
